README.md, before:

# Numbers at hand
A Chrome extension that allows you to generate valid numbers that can identify people, companies, etc.

## Functionality
Generate valid Belgian numbers for these types:
* National Identification Number _(Rijksregisternummer / Numéro du Registre national / Nationalversicherungsnummer)_
* Company number _(Ondernemingsnummer / Numéro d'entreprise / Unternehmensnummer)_
* Establishment unit number _(Vestigingseenheidsnummer / Numéro d’unité d’établissement / Niederlassungseinheitsnummer)_
* NSSO number _(RSZ-nummer / Numéro ONSS / LSS-Nummer)_
* Number plate _(Nummerplaat / Plaque d'immatriculation / Kfz-Kennzeichen)_
* IBAN

Generate other useful strings:
* Nil UUID
* Current UTC datetime (ISO 8601)

When generating a number, it is copied to your clipboard, so you can use it anywhere.

Suggested use case: generate randomized test-data that passes validation checks

## How to use

Some options:
* Install the extension from the [Chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/numbers-at-hand/jncgcehddiijpaiopleohniplpafmmio)
* Run the popup.html directly in your browser (only supports English)

## Similar tools

You might like these generators too:
* [Bug Magnet](https://bugmagnet.org/)
* [Mobilefish Test data generator](https://www.mobilefish.com/services/random_test_data_generator/random_test_data_generator.php)

Commit message:

Generate numbers either with or without interpunction

README.md, after:

# Numbers at hand
A Chrome extension that allows you to generate valid numbers that can identify people, companies, etc.

## Functionality
Generate valid Belgian numbers for these types:
* National Identification Number _(Rijksregisternummer / Numéro du Registre national / Nationalversicherungsnummer)_
* Company number _(Ondernemingsnummer / Numéro d'entreprise / Unternehmensnummer)_
* Establishment unit number _(Vestigingseenheidsnummer / Numéro d’unité d’établissement / Niederlassungseinheitsnummer)_
* NSSO number _(RSZ-nummer / Numéro ONSS / LSS-Nummer)_
* Number plate _(Nummerplaat / Plaque d'immatriculation / Kfz-Kennzeichen)_
* IBAN

Generate other useful strings:
* Nil UUID
* Current UTC datetime (ISO 8601)

When generating a number, it is copied to your clipboard, so you can use it anywhere.

Numbers can be generated either with or without the default punctuation.

Suggested use case: generate randomized test-data that passes validation checks

## How to use

Some options:
* Install the extension from the [Chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/numbers-at-hand/jncgcehddiijpaiopleohniplpafmmio)
* Run the popup.html directly in your browser (only supports English)

## Similar tools

You might like these generators too:
* [Bug Magnet](https://bugmagnet.org/)
* [Mobilefish Test data generator](https://www.mobilefish.com/services/random_test_data_generator/random_test_data_generator.php)
